Subject: 
Open Letter To Anyone Who Cares About Current State Of NCAA Collegiate Sports

Body:
There is an unnerving feeling that the NCAA’s stronghold on college sports is about to break. Most people close to the industry (I’m referring to the $4.5B college sports industry) understand that steps need to be made to further support the student-athletes. More, still, feel that supporting these student-athletes is not simply an option – it’s a moral obligation. So, our ask with this ‘open letter’ is that you help connect us with people that are ready to take action against the NCAA. 

Earlier this month I helped build a website that lets people pay college athletes through Crowd-Funding (http://playfor.co). Our ‘radical idea’ is that if everyday College Sports fans want to pay players directly, they should be able to! In tech now-a-days this is called crowd-funding. Let’s say, for instance, that I’m trying to raise money for my mom who is suffering from breast cancer. I do this by going to gofundme.com and creating an account, and then sending it out to all of my friends on social media. That is what crowd-funding is, it’s not some secret tech word, it’s the ability to raise money for a social cause. In my opinion, NCAA Collegiate Sports is one of the largest social causes of our lifetime. With the support of your network, we could take significant action against this social issue in one targeted swing. And, that brings me to my last point – the only way to create a fair system to let people pay college athletes would have to consider that the big state schools will yield more money than the smaller schools… 

Enter Federal Judge Wilken’s ruling (Ed O’Bannon v NCAA) that Universities can keep up to $5k per player per year of eligibility and place that in a trust. That’s the solution this debate was looking for. A way to crowd-fund trusts for college-athletes. The universities won’t pay for the trust because they claim to ‘lose money’ (what a joke), but by crowd-funding the trust, this initiative could cripple the NCAA’s power over the individual Universities. Any money in excess of $5k per player would go to the Athletic Department. Now, the Universities can get paid directly from the fans and do not have to rely on the massive contracts that trickle down from sponsors or NCAA. This puts the power back into the hands of the Universities (through donations from every-day fans) -- and is built on a crowd-funding platform that the general public can control. 

As with any radical idea comes a radical ask… We will relinquish 100% ownership of this platform / idea to the most qualified person that is ready to take on this project. The network of potential candidates -- who are passionate about supporting student-athletes -- is vast; my dream would be to work on a team with smart people connected to this issue. I welcome any conversation or advice as to how to accomplish that dream. 

With the right team asking the right questions we could use technology to cripple the NCAA’s power over college sports. We feel this kind of initiative is inevitable, and we welcome the opportunity to join the team that takes it on. 
